What is good coke by this point you should be able to talk a little bit especially about scaleable right.
I mean readable we're going to talk about in the next section but scaleable we understood was big-O
right.
Well here's the thing don't hate me but I may have slightly lied or simplified things but not that much
so don't worry Bouldon that when I say scaleable there's actually two things that we want to consider
as engineers.
One is speed.
That's what we've been talking about up until now.
How fast is our runtime on the code.
How much time does it take for a function to run.
How many operations does it cost.
Well there's another aspect when it comes to machines to valuable resources.
One is the time and speed of our code and the other one is memory.
You see computers have limited memory.
Back in the day when computers were just being born memory was very very expensive.
We only had a little bit of it.
And as time has gone on we have more and more memory but it's not infinite.
Our computers run based on speed which is usually dictated by the CPQ and memory based on how much memory
such as RAM and random access memory the computer has.
And those are two valuable resources.
So how can we talk about memory.
We've talked about speed.
What about memory and the good news is that memory is fairly simple not as complicated as speed and
it won't take us long to learn as much as we have about speed right now which code is best can be answered
with the three pillars of code something that I want you to take with you for the rest of your career
and something that's going to grow you as an engineer because from now on when you write code you're
going to have these three things in mind.
One is you're going to write readable clean code that others can read that is maintainable.
The other one is speed the type of code that we call time complexity has a big time complexity that
is efficient.
It scales well.
But we're going to talk about quickly about this third pillar and that is memory.
What's the memory usage of code if it uses a lot of memory.
That's not good.
We might have limited memory on our machine with this one.
We use big-O once again to talk about space complexity.
The same notation but different topic.
One is space.
The other one is TIME One is speed.
The other one is memory.
I'm going to give you a quick little preview most programming code solution.
There's usually a tradeoff between speed and memory.
You want things to go faster well then you might have to sacrifice more memory you want less memory.
Well then you might have to sacrifice with increased speed.
Let's get into the nitty gritty of how we measure space complexity.